---
layout: post
title:  "Slumber"
date:   2025-01-12 00:00:27 -0400
categories: [peculiarities]
---
**Coda**

Andromeda huh, ain't she a beauty? At least, maybe eons ago. Now, she's just atoms spread as thin as a wedding veil. Funny thing is she never wore a veil like this even after she married the Milky Way.

...

You can see the particles, dead ones, nowhere to go, no entropy to share, no second law of thermodynamics making this and that happen. The one named Kepler from your civilization was close in estimating the Harmonices Mundi, but the spheres' music never came from the large ones. Instead, their flavors, colors, and hues branched from the tiny oscillations in entropy. Every minute particle singing is how you get y'all's grand symphony, but now, everywhere is just a nice blanket of quiet.

...

Ah, but you see it, don't you? You were always so clever.

...

In these hollow husks of galaxies, turning and turning, the misty fermions dream. They dream of being the nitrogen saturating your atmosphere and of being fixed by the minuscule aliens in your soil. They dream of being the infinite hum your fancy light-focusin' kaleidoscopes detect some years after you outgrow gathering. They dream of recurrence - of happening again.

...

And would you look at that? You're just in time. I was just about to give it to them. It's always fun watching them jerk back and forth while the dynamical system settles to bring you clever-not-so-clever ones back again. Oh and this time, it might not be carbon fillin' up your skeletons, if you know what I mean.

...

I'm just saying, don't blame me if you end up Poincare recurring into some mutated form. It happens you know, you just can't predict everything.

**Portrait I** 
You believe you are a research scientist happening upon the symmetry-shattering discovery of the Higgs boson. The dreamy pastels framed on your cubicle walls and the Gordian knot of coffee stains splattered on your standard-issue CERN desk give your office artistic flair. At this time, your entire floor is in a jubilee; the old reliable office printer huffs out the newest graph the grand collider measured. Your team thinks they're onto something, something big, but you are stricken suddenly and horribly with a pervading homesickness. Above all else, you crave to return to your home and lightly trace the flickering embers of your fireplace. 

Reality flickers - or your vision distorts, and the migraines your doctor can't diagnose with any modern medicine are back again. The helium coolers crescendo their incessant whir as the collider blares to life. Thud! you hear the collision of particles - or your heavy head on the carpeted office floor. A second before awakening, anomalous beings swirl in your vision.

Dr. Redon! 

They didn't find it. The dedicated members of your team stay overnight while you recover on the lounge's only comfortable couch. Graphs of all kinds whether printed, projected, or colored are scattered on every screen and coffee table. They don't understand; today is supposed to be the day when your team at CERN experimentally confirms the existence of the Higgs boson. The elusive carrier of a field that grants mass to other particles through interactions is now missing. Only you seem to know why. Those noir dimensional beings begged you to keep the Higgs field in thought experiments and vaguely measured theories, and now, you can't keep their colossal forms out of your mind. 

You excuse yourself and retreat back to your cubicle. You start to fill your blackboard with everything you remember - picking at every memory. You first jot down Maxwell's equations followed by etchings of Einstein's general relativity. Then, you record the gauge theories; the beautiful forms you spent your graduate school entangled with. With the sprawling gauge theories comes memories stamped with your doctoral thesis followed by glowing recommendations and finally your dream job at CERN. Even now, highlighted in chalk, you see the hole you set out to cover. The missing Higgs boson; the carrier of the field that mutates what once was a world of lightspeed bosons into nuclei, into you and I, whose loss is now apparent on your blackboard. The gauge theories outline a torus around a large hole where the deep pitch of the blackboard stares back at you, and it begins to grow, devouring the soft chalk and immolating the gauge theories. Within its growing maw, you peer at its colossal eye.
Your walls are now covered in ghastly scrawling of dedicatory murals, and they pulse with a reliquary significance. The story of our Dr. Redon ends here.

**Portrait II**
You believe you are a star. You soak in the reverence of your planets as you radiate life. You entertain the presence of intergalactic visitors with dusty tails. You grow bored after eons, and you begin to reminisce. 

You grow fond of your early memories of biking. Nebular trails sparkled dust behind your tricks. The first time you scraped your knee riding too fast along the local cluster, but it was your knuckles turning white that hurt more. Wait, you think, that can't be right. Snapping out of your dreamy memories, you look down, and wisps of star matter erupt from your corona. You attempt to wiggle your supposed fingers, nothing responds. You have no carbon based appendages. Revisiting your memories, you select the first time you rode down a large hill. Your heart beated adrenaline as drums in your chest. Again, you grow suspicious. All you hear now is the crushing implosions of proton collisions in your core. There is no sign of an intricate biological form ever being embedded within you.
You flip through the recent ones. The ones before the gap in your memories. You see yourself in a cubicle, and you urge yourself to take the day off and go home. You, as we know, don't listen. You warn yourself that it doesn't exist; you exclaim that you live in an anomaly. You persist that you exist within an ouroboros of a world that has annihilated the Higgs while simultaneously operating under the assumption it exists. You ultimately attempt to catch your own attention with your name.

Dr. Redon!
