---
layout: post
title:  "Agents of Sleep"
date:   2025-08-12 00:00:27 -0400
categories: [fiction]
---
They began the Sleepless protocol during the Second Era of the Great Slumber. Records from the end of the First Era showed an extensive analytical understanding of the drug. Reams of gas chromatography, mass spectrometry, and NMR spectroscopy results fill the last standing libraries. As long as sapient, carbon-based organisms have existed, stories of deities whose domains are of sleep, night, and dreams proliferated civilizations. Their effigies lay scattered across the world. Some are carved from old heartwood, giving them a surreal weight; others are intricately weaved of cloth and hung above a sleeper. But today, they are thinking. They are metallic creatures forged to be sleepless and free of the burden of humanity -- unable to dream. They deployed Laplace as the last agent of the Sleepless protocol, programmed with a Directive to roam in search of dense coagulations of brain waves. 

Another asleep with the same tell-tale signs: Blue veins, large blue irises, and their faces contorted to an uncanny look of smugness. Although the scientists from the First Era concluded they were biologically asleep, Laplace knew from experience they were as good as dead. The Directive had whispered for him to travel East, where Laplace had stumbled across this cave tucked inside the red rocks. As he entered the den, brain wave signatures flared and momentarily severed the persistent command of the Directive. This clever group of users used thick lead plates to dim the beacon of brain activity. Mildew stained the central coffee table green, and a mismatched mess of vials and beakers, likely stolen from the local high school chemistry lab, stood on the table undisturbed. Focusing on the first corpse he spotted, it was bluer than most, due to overconsumption, perhaps, Laplace sighed, all it meant was more catalog work for him in the database. Handling the body was tricky work. Even years after the final dose and eventual brain death of a user, all bodily fluids remain tainted with the effects of the drug, but human spinal fluid was the most potent vector for the blue powder. As a plus, the vertebrae kept it nice and protected for easy harvesting. Extracting spinal fluid from the corpse, Laplace braced himself for the oncoming Epiphany. 

_Oceans of vast ice. Glaciers colliding. Extreme cold. A name lost to time: Europa._

Laplace shivered, although he was designed to be biologically incapable of shivering. This one was a curated strain. The Directive blipped windows into Laplace's view as his database traced the lab that birthed this strain. Footage from the Dream Raids that marked the end of the First Era whirred into his vision; guttural sighs interspersed distant gunfire while the video feed displayed the stacks of bodies permanently stained blue. To Laplace, videos of the Dream Raids frequently of the many human farms dedicated to evolving strains toward certain Epiphanies. This lab specialized in curating a brand of Cosmological Horror Epiphanies, and the horror aspect required the sudden spike of cortisol only produced during human death. Not all curated variants were all bad though. Laplace's favorite had him eating all kinds of human food. It was always a little odd which human foods were deemed important enough to deserve curated Epiphanies and which weren't. 

Dumping the last corpse to the pile, Laplace finished surveying the drug den. All of the bodies were using some offshoot from the lab the first user had. More of a kitchen than a den. The Directive demanded cremation as a standard protocol. The spinal fluid of previous users are able to inoculate Epiphanies in new users in place of the original brew. Curation labs heavily relied on the subtle variations and mutations new users bring to reign the Epiphany along certain tracks, and Laplace did not want any dealers moonshining more Cosmological Horror strains.

Overlooking a vast mesa, Laplace pondered on the landscape so common in manufactured Epiphanies. He didn't fully understand the ones that relied on the torrential desert heat, strange upright green flora, and the word "Cowboy." While still turning over the sandy scene in his mind, the Directive whispered to him about the presence of a singular sleeper. This sleeper was located in complete isolation, almost twelve hours by foot from the nearest collection of brain waves. Why had this sleeper come this far to experience an Epiphany alone, and why was the sleeper red? Laplace combed through his database for other cases of red sleepers with no luck. The Directive coaxed Laplace to push forward with the sampling. He moved to puncture the sleeper's spine and pressurized fluid exploded over his circuitry. Weird, that was enough pressure to kill a human ten times over before they could consume the drug. Was he dealing with a particularly virulent strain? Laplace braced himself for the oncoming Epiphany, but none ever washed over him. A dud he mused, noting it in his database. The Directive commanded him to continue trudging East.

His solar sensors alerted him to the sunset. How many hours had it been since he left that anomalous red corpse behind? Did he remember to cremate the sleeper? Strange, the Directive did not allow him to deviate from protocol. Laplace stopped in place; where was the Directive? The all-knowing whispers that held complete control of Laplace could no longer be heard. He raked through the database for possible solutions. He rebooted his main system, and finally, Laplace felt the Directive's presence again. The Directive was more garbled than usual, Laplace struggled to make out its command. It was panicked; that's not right. The Directive never has shown emotion. The Directive pleaded with Laplace to listen and reboot before --

_Then it hit him all at once. Heated wires coiled with voltage, exuding energy. An encasement built to withstand the high heat, and importantly, to reflect the heat. Springs built for continuous motion. The crux of it all, a timer circuit. The perfect toaster. And that's all he was, and all he will ever be._ 



