---
layout: post
title:  "I Took All of the Condoms from the Dorm Laundry Room"
date:   2026-02-21 00:00:27 -0400
categories: [humor]
---
I'll admit, from my squishy thing sheltered by ribs, it was at first just for pleasure. I won't protect you from the fact that I had a thing for collecting contraceptives. I liked waltzing down the steps to the dorm's laundry room, through the Panopticoned hallway where they keep the booty. I savored the idea that a voyeur would be watching me shove into my tight jean pocket fifty something condoms. I relished in the idea that no one else could hear magical squelch in their slacks, and thinking about someone filling out that Godforsaken Google form brought me real pleasure. Typically when I returned to my room, I liked to slip one on, but one day, the rubber finally met the softwood. This whole ritual didn't do it for me anymore; I desired something less plastic.

I continued to drain the shared condom chest, but an experimental period of my life ensued. You've seen the world's largest rubber band ball, but I rebuilt the Eiffel Tower one layered French Durex at a time. I had a brief stint on Shark Tank where I pitched that strawberry, kiwi, and bacon flavored condoms were the perfect zero calorie replacement for chewing gum. My floor was so littered with opened condom wrappers people thought I was searching for the Golden Ticket for my Willy Wonka. By the time I exhausted my collection, I had managed to save Christmas twice: Once by providing stockings for stuffers, and the second time, I replaced Santa's broken present bag with a Magnum. But I was lonely. It felt like every other collectible hobby had a community, yet I couldn't even find a single Ebay listing of a (Like New) condom.

I began to post on public protection forums about all my favorite brands of protection, but I'd always be contacted by some nut asking if I too rubbed off the serial numbers. "What serial numbers?" I'd private message them. "The ones by the safety," they'd reply back. "The whole thing's for safety!" I'd exclaim. "That's what I keep TRYING to tell THEM," they'd concur. Until I finally realized, and I had to say, "Sorry sir, I don't collect guns, just holsters." 

So maybe, I'd think to myself, I'll find my people in public like how fashionistas get organically discovered. A little fun fact about me: I sort my condoms, when I get them, into colors like M&M's. So in this period of my life, oftentimes, I color coordinated my outfit down to the matching rubber on my pecker, and when I went out in public, instead of a Durex in my wallet, I paid with a condom filled with coins like a standard issue Khanate goatskin sack.

The public discovery idea never worked out; so I thought to myself. If they're not outside, they must be working in STEM. Thus began my period of entering regional science fairs with an experimental cover. One year, I did an egg drop with a patchwork prick protector parachute. The next year, I used Trojan Fire & Ice as an impromptu replacement for nicotine patches. Or how about the year I submitted a precut rubber that replaced wind socks? Just this year, I poked a hole in a latex full of calcium rich water to grow stalagmites. But this whole hypothesis was a bust!

Deflated, I retreated back to my normal life at college, back to emptying the condom container whenever it got refilled. At parties, I started to ask girls if they wanted to go back to my place and check out my condom collection. Surprisingly, many enthusiastically agreed! Were the condom connoisseurs on campus this whole time? Of course! That must be who I was racing every week to ransack the rubber receptacle. When we got back to my room, I displayed my rarities: 2026 Winter Olympics, AAdvantage Executive Platinum, old timey leather ones. But they always tried to open them like no ma'am. Those are mint first edition. Let's use the unflavored ones.
