---
layout: post
title:  "So You've Bought my Bees and Want to Return Them"
date:   2026-04-15 00:00:27 -0400
categories: [humor]
---
Dear Stuart,

I see that you have initiated the return process for your bees. You are probably angry that your bees, unlike advertised, are not "intelligent bees". You might even be miffed that your bees cannot yet, as shown in the pamphlet, valet park your car. Let me remind you that the info pamphlet only advertises the bees' latent potential. You wouldn't expect a dog to instantly know how to order a pizza on the phone would you (even though studies show that bees are 72% more effective learners than those old frauds)? You in all likelihood left the only review on my Craigslist calling me a "hack" and "just the Sea-Monkeys guy with a different costume." In your situation, the first comment is completely understandable but the second is just plain hurtful. Well, for the simple cost of zero dollars (reduced from $20.99) and taking down your hateful Craigslist review, I'll share with you how I taught my bees to be intelligent.

Let me first start with that I'm no entomologist, and this field is largely unresearched. But Stuart, in your crafty yet testy review, you dawn on me as a man of conviction. Stuart you might just be the pioneer of a new science. Do you really want to give up that mantle? I mean, what happened to the Stuart I knew who dared to purchase those bees? The Stuart who missed living life on the edge so they put on the most protective gear ever and declared, "bring me those buzzy motherfuckers". Now, I don't mean to presume Stuart that you are anything like this in real life, but from what I briefly saw in your Craigslist return history of motorbike helmets, parachutes, and a 998cc hot pink hog, I just feel like you wouldn't give up so easily on these bees. This set of instructions will be here when you're ready to take that leap of faith.

Now you must begin by courting the bees, and I courted them with the written word (like I did with my now ex-wife). I first introduced them to the Gutenbug Printing Press, and be rest assured Stuart, minting the tiny letters for the printing press is by far the most time consuming part. You'll find that your bees like mine should quickly undergo a renaissance in literature. They'll begin being able to read and write in English. You'll notice this change when they gather more around books that you leave out, but beware that you'll have bees like Shaun (not to be confused with her broodmate Shawn) who don't want to collect nectar and instead want to be a poet. Newsflash Shaun, your poems about roses and daffodils were DERIVATIVE, and I would know. I penned some sonnets myself before the whole selling bees online gig. 

Now that you've made the bees mostly literate, you'll want to undermine the current actual queen bee's authority and replace her with yourself. I did this easily by crafting small origami bees with tiny signs protesting the derogatory term "busy bee" which sparked an entire strike. Suddenly, the workers wanted to negotiate with their original queen about PTO (plant time off) and increasing company provided insurants. And when she shut the door to all discussion, I built a replica of the bastille with books about the French revolution, and next thing you know, her head's lopped off while I'm conveniently doused in the pick-me-as-your-next-queen pheromone. Of course, I'm not crazy enough to believe I can naturally spawn in bees, so every weekend, I go to an open field off the highway and bathe myself in aluminum-free beeodorant to lure the lost puppies to me. 

After that it's really the dealer's choice in how to make use of them. My bees have been helpful in my crusade against my neighborhood WASPs. The WASPs came in unannounced and moved swiftly to pester and alienate all nice and civil beings in our cul de sac. They like to flaunt their yellow jackets and parade around their proud stripes while tearing any social organization outside of their control, and when they suspect people are meeting without them, they call in SWAT to perform a sting!

Or you can even begin to teach them tricks at this stage. My favorite trick is having them coat you like a suit of armor (bonus! Saves you money on shirts and pants). Plus, it feels just like a fuzzy human hug that would never probe you with invasive questions like, "how's your bee business doing?" My bees would never insult your passion like that. They know that your lifelong dream will stop hemorrhaging through your inheritance soon enough. Would you really want to give up on those that would believe in you so deeply?

The final step, if you're ready to take it Stuart, is opening the door to what your bees want. Soon enough, the bees would coat every surface, every vent, and every pipe (they make you feel very welcome in your own home). No longer would you have to pay for central heating since the bees would be able to warm your home with their million bodies. Just think about how much you'd save on utilities. And there's more! The thrum of the colony eliminates the need of ever having to sleep with a white noise machine again. Why would you ever want to return that? Additionally, you'd have a sustainable farm for all the major food groups: Honeycomb (fiber), honey (carbohydrates), and the corpses of the brood (protein!!!). 

Now if all of this doesn't positively tingle you Stuart, I'll just take the bees back. I mean, really, I kind of want them back anyway. I sold you some of my USDA choice stock, and I really wouldn't want those bees to end up in the hands of a buzzkill.

John B.
